Image::Size - Determine the size of images in several common formats
====================================================================

Version: 3.231 (See CHANGES below)


WHAT IS IT
----------

Image::Size is a library based on the image-sizing code in the wwwimagesize
script, a tool that analyzes HTML files and adds HEIGHT and WIDTH tags to IMG
directives. Image::Size has generalized that code to return a raw (X, Y) pair,
and included wrappers to pre-format that output into either HTML or a set of
attribute pairs suitable for the CGI.pm library by Lincoln Stein. Currently,
Image::Size can size images in XPM, XBM, GIF, JPEG, PNG, MNG, TIFF, the PPM
family of formats (PPM/PGM/PBM) and if Image::Magick is installed, the formats
supported by it.

I did this because my old WWW server generated a lot of documents on demand
rather than keeping them in static files. These documents not only used
directional icons and buttons, but other graphics to annotate and highlight
sections of the text. Without size attributes, browsers cannot render the text
of a page until the image data is loaded and the size known for layout. This
library enables scripts to size their images at run-time and include that as
part of the generated HTML. Or for any other utility that uses and manipulates
graphics. The idea of the basic interface + wrappers is to not limit the
programmer to a certain data format.


USING Image::Size IN YOUR SCRIPTS
---------------------------------

Image::Size has pod documentation that gives a more complete overview, but in a
nutshell:

        use Image::Size;

        ($x, $y) = imgsize("something.gif");

And ($x, $y) is now the width and height of something.gif. 95% of my usage of
this library is in conjunction with Lincoln Stein's CGI.pm:

        use CGI ':all';
        use Image::Size 'attr_imgsize';

        #
        # Emit an IMG tag with size attributes:
        #
        print img({-SRC => '/server/images/arrow.gif',
                   attr_imgsize('/server_root/server/images/arrow.gif')});

Alternately, if you are running under Apache and mod_perl:

        # Assume $Q is an object of class CGI, $r is an Apache request object
        $r->print($Q->img({ -src => $imgpath,
                            attr_imgsize($r->lookup_uri($imgpath)->
                                         filename) }));


BUILDING/INSTALLING
-------------------

This package uses Makefile.PL:

        perl Makefile.PL
        make && make test
        make install

You may need super-user access to install.


PROBLEMS/BUG REPORTS
--------------------

Please send any reports of problems or bugs to rjray@blackperl.com.


CHANGES
-------

  * lib/Image/Size.pm

Small change to swfmxsize for short-buffer issues.

  * lib/Image/Size.pm

Multiple changes in this commit: Abandoned AutoLoader; moved POD to the end of
the file now that all the per-format subroutines are part of the file-proper;
fixed cases where lack of ImageMagick would cause the error message to be
overwritten.

  * t/all.t

  * t/kazeburo-bar.jpg (added)

New test (and image) for JPG tag-offset issue.

  * lib/Image/Size.pm

Applied patch from github user kazeburo: bug fix for some jpeg files

  * imgsize

Fixed so that default output now catches errors. Previously, you would get an
"undefined" warning if there was an error in parsing/sizing the input file.

  * lib/Image/Size.pm

Turns out the 4 bounding-box ints for EMF are signed.
